.TH Alisp 1
.SH DESCRIPTION
The alisp programming language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B alisp
[\fB\-v\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR]
[\fB\-i\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR]
[\fB\-l\fR]
[\fB\-Q\fR]
[\fB\-n\fR]
[\fB\-I\fR \fIinclude\fR]...
[\fB\-W\fR \fIwarning\fR]...
[\fB\-e\fR \fIexpr\fR]
[\fBfile\fR [\fIargs\fR]...]
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show the version and build information of the current executable
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print help information.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-interactive
Start interactive mode after file evaluation.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-parse-debug
Debug output from the parser
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-eval-debug
Debug output from the evaluator.
.TP
.BR \-Q ", " \-\-quick-start
Do not loady any scripts on initialization.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-no-assertions
Disables debug mode
.TP
.BR \-O ", " \-\-optimize
Enable code optimizations.
.TP
.BR \-I " " \fIdirectory\fR
Extra include directories for module imports.
.TP
.BR \-W " " \fIwarning\fR
Input string to evaluate
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-eval " " \fIexpr\fR
Show the version and build information of the current executable
.TP
.BR \fIfile\fR " "
Input file
.TP
.BR \fIargs\fR...
Arguments for the script being ran.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.BR ALPATH:
A list of direcotries where the alisp interpreter will look for packages to load.
.TP
.BR ALISPRC:
If set, the the inteprter will evaluate this file on startup and not ~/.alisprc.
.TP
.BR ALNODEBUG:
If set, the interpreter will be started without debug mode and all of the assertions will be disabled.
.TP
.BR ALDEFEREL:
If set, the threads of the internal event loop will
not be started on start up of the interpreter but deferred till the
first function call that needs the event loop. This can lower the
startup time and increase the time cost of the first functin that
needs the event loop.

.SH Resources
.BR Repository:
https://github.com/palikar/alisp

.TR
.BR Documentation:
https://alisp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

.TR
.BR Bug tracking:
https://github.com/palikar/alisp/issues
.SH Authors

.TR
Original creator:
Stanislav Arnaudov <https://github.com/palikar/>
.SH LICENSE
.BR GPLv2
